Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: May 27, 2026
TERMS OF USE SINESIA KAROL, LLC.
Sinesia Karol, LLC. provides services to you subject to the terms and conditions included in this Terms of Use and other customer services pages which we have prepared to help make your shopping experience with Sinesia Karol, LLC. as enjoyable and problem-free as possible. Please read them carefully. By visiting or using this web site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood, and agree to be bound by, Terms of Use. You also agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including United States Copyright and Trademark laws. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use Sinesia Karol, LLC. web site.
PRIVACY
The information you give to us stays at Sinesia Karol, LLC. We maintain strict security over the information you provide to us and use it only in the following ways:
1. To send you information you request and to update you on the status of that request.
2. To monitor the traffic on our site to help us design the best, most efficient site we can.
3. To occasionally send you free promotional materials. Other than credit card information which we do not process, we maintain your information in-house at Sinesia Karol, LLC. If you want to remove your information from our database, email us at business@sinesiakarol.com
4- International customers – we will only email you once you have opted in at checkout or applied for our newsletter on the site. The web server logs your IP address in standard server logs to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. By using our website and giving us your information, you agree that we may collect and use this information. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our site.
OWNERSHIP AND COPYRIGHT
Sinesia Karol, LLC. web site is owned and operated by Sinesia Karol, LLC. Unless otherwise noted, all design and content included on this web site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, images, artwork, audio and video clips and software is the property of Sinesia Karol, LLC. (or is used under license to Sinesia Karol, LLC. and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
ELIGIBILITY TO USE AND/OR REGISTER ON THE SITE
The Site, Service and Community are not intended for Users under the age of 13, and only persons of the age of 18 or older may register on the Site. Sinesia Karol, LLC. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Users under the age of 13. Such Users are expressly prohibited from using the Service, from submitting their personally identifiable information to us, and from registering as a Member.
Users agree not to impersonate other persons, not to provide false information and not to rely on the identity or identification of other Users displayed on the Site because Sinesia Karol, LLC. does not employ any means to verify the true identity of registered users.
ELETRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.